Melu was a young man who lived in a small village at the foot of a mountain. He had a girlfriend named Lily, who was the most beautiful and kind-hearted girl in the village. Melu and Lily had been in love for as long as they could remember, and they spent every moment they could together.

One day, Melu decided to climb the mountain to pick some wildflowers for Lily. He had heard that the flowers on the mountain were the most beautiful and fragrant in the world, and he wanted to surprise Lily with a special bouquet. So he set off early in the morning, carrying only a small backpack and a sturdy walking stick.

The climb was difficult and treacherous, but Melu was determined to reach the top. He climbed higher and higher, taking care to avoid the rocky outcroppings and steep ravines that dotted the mountain. As he climbed, he began to notice that the air was getting colder and thinner, and the flowers he encountered were becoming more and more scarce.

Finally, after many hours of climbing, Melu reached the summit of the mountain. There, he was greeted by a breathtaking view of the world below. The sun was setting in the west, casting a golden glow over the rolling hills and forests that stretched out as far as the eye could see.

But there were no wildflowers to be found on the mountain top. Melu searched high and low, but all he could find were a few withered stems and dry leaves. Disappointed, he sat down on a rock and looked out at the beautiful view.

Suddenly, he heard a soft voice behind him. "Why are you here, Melu?" the voice asked.

Melu turned and saw a beautiful woman standing behind him. She had long, flowing hair and a gentle smile on her face. She was the spirit of the mountain, and she had watched over Melu as he climbed to the top.

"I came to pick some wildflowers for my girlfriend, Lily," Melu explained. "But there are none to be found here."

The spirit of the mountain smiled and said, "Flowers are not what make a relationship special, Melu. It is the love and care that you put into it. Your climb to the top of this mountain shows how much you love Lily, and that is the most beautiful bouquet you could ever give her."

Melu realized that the spirit was right. He thanked her and began his journey back down the mountain. When he returned to the village, he told Lily about his climb and the words of the spirit of the mountain. Lily was overjoyed, and they spent the rest of their days cherishing each other and their love.
